[Music]
ladies and gentlemen by way of
introduction this is a film about about
the transformation how as the scientists
keep telling us as a universe which is
disposable let's go back and find the
day when it all started
and now with your permission a bit of
this when first flush of a newborn son
fell on the green and gold our Father
Adam sat under the tree and scratched
with a stick
the first old sketch that the world had
seen is joy to his mighty heart turn of
devil whispered behind the leaves it's
pretty
but is it but men make it obsolete isn't
it
as compared to that of the normal brain
what do we need to do live is my brain
chemistry I need to fall in love I need
to have a girlfriend
I need to read more improve myself yes I
hear flying high above his troubles do I
have an original thought in my head
maybe that's what's wrong with me that
chemistry just be real confident I need
to turn my life around watch the quick
recovery and there she was standing
beside him then there came a sudden
quite remarkable change today's the
first day of the rest of my life those
staring eyes stared his eyes have never
stared before I like this this is good
it was a very nice summer as he might
say was at the crossroads I for sure
I need to make the most of it five miles
a day really do it this time you know it
might be just this one anonymous
[Music]
all that's left most artists seem to
feel these days is
treacherous the fakes mark were willing
to testify to what we had to do this
[Music]
but the memory of that great man who
will never cease to exist I offer a fact
of life but everything must finally wear
away into the ultimate universal
[Music]
[Applause]
you